0,"Poker\n\"The funnest game in town\"\nCopyright 1992 INN\n\nProgramming By\nStephen L. Nichols\nArt By\nEric Apel\n"
1,"   The objective of Poker is to win individual hands by either obtaining the highest poker hand or tricking your opponents into thinking that you have the highest poker hand, thus forcing them to fold."
2,"   Rank: The numerical value of a card or cards. The displayed numeral in the upper left and lower right corners of the card denote it's value. Face cards are the exception to this rule. the Jack is worth 11. The Queen is worth 12. The King is worth 13. The Ace is worth either 14 or 1."
3,"   Suit: The symbol associated with a particular card or cards. There are four suits that exist in a Poker deck of cards -- diamonds, hearts, spades and clubs. The diamonds look just like little red diamonds. The hearts look just like little red hearts. The spades look like a small black object that comes to a point at the top. The clubs look just like little black three-leaf clovers."
4,"Following is a list of poker hand ranks that are listed in high-low order from the upper left to the lower right. You can click on any one of them to find out more about that particular hand.\n"
5,"A Straight Flush consists of five cards in suit and sequence and is the highest ranking poker hand. The example hand, to the left, would be called a Nine-High Straight Flush."
6,"A Four of a Kind consists of four cards of any one rank together with any fifth card and ranks just below the Straight Flush. The example hand, to left, would be call Four Twos."
7,"A Full House consists of any three of one kind and any pair of another kind. This hand ranks just below a Four of a Kind. The example hand, to the left, would be called a Sixes-High Full House."
8,"A Flush consists of any five cards of the same suit, but not in sequence. A Flush ranks just below a Full House. The example hand, to the left, would be called a Jack-High Flush."
9,"A Straight consists of any five cards of two or more suits in sequence of rank. This hand ranks just below a Flush. The example hand, to the left, would be called a Nine-High Straight."
10,"A Three of a Kind consists of any three cards of the same rank plus two other cards which do not constitute a pair and do not include the fourth card of the same rank. This hand ranks just below the Straight. The example hand, to the left, would be called Three Sevens."
11,"A Two Pair consists of two cards of one rank, two cards of another rank, and any fifth card which is neither of those ranks. This hand ranks just below a Three of a Kind. The example hand, to the left, would be called Sevens Up."
12,"A Pair consists of any two cards of the same rank together with three other cards which do not combine with the other two to form any of the higher ranking hands. A Pair ranks just below Two Pair. The example hand, to the left, would be called a Pair of Sevens."
13,"A No Pair is the lowest ranking hand and consists of any five cards not conforming to any other hand specification. The example hand, to the left, would be called Ace High."
14,"Click on this button to continue to the next hand, or wait 15 seconds."
15,"Click on this button to discard the cards you have selected."
16,"Click on this button if you do not want to make any bet."
17,"Click on this button to match the bets that the other players have made."
18,"Click on this button to bet more than the other players."
19,"Click on this button to bet the amount in your betting stack."
20,"Click on this button to put all of your money in."
21,"Click on this button to fold."
22,"Select what you would like help on:"
23,"Welcome to Poker!"
24,"Please choose one of the listed games."
25,"Waiting for the next game."
26,"Waiting to sit down.. be patient.."
27,"Requesting seats."
28,"Waiting for everyone to sit down."
29,"Waiting for joiners."
30,"Waiting for everyone to come into the game."
31,"Waiting to sit down.. be patient.."
32,"Dealing cards."
33,"Shuffling cards..."
34,"Waiting for the next game."
35,"Dealing cards."
36,"Waiting for the next hand."
37,"Waiting for your turn to bet."
38,"Please click on your chips to make a bet."
39,"Waiting for everyone else to bet."
40,"Evaluating the hands."
41,"Waiting for your turn to discard cards."
42,"Click on your cards to choose the ones to discard."
43,"Waiting for everyone else to discard their cards."
44,"The person who you are joining has left the game."
45,"Are you sure that you want to fold?"
46,"You don't have enough money to ante up and play so you must leave."
47,"You have no money so you must leave."
48,"Waiting for %s to choose the game."
49,"This game is too full for you to join! Try again later."
50,"The game you are trying to join has been ended! Try again later."
51,"You are an invalid network object! Try again later."
52,"The game you are joining is busy right now! Try again later."
53,"This game is too full for you to join! Try again later."
54,"You have just witnessed a horrible bug. The Straight Flush that %s had was incorrectly evaluated. %s really had both a Straight and a Flush in the same hand. This problem was not able to be addressed in this minor update, but the next major version will have the correct fixes. In the mean time, I will return to you the money that you lost because of this oversight."
55,"You have just witnessed a horrible bug. The Straight Flush that you had was incorrectly evaluated. You really had both a Straight and a Flush in the same hand. This problem was not able to be addressed in this minor update, but the next major version will have the correct fixes. You will still win the money, but be advised that the other players with version 2.1 will be compensated for this oversight."
56,"   Would you like to ALWAYS use those ante and bet limits when it is your deal? If you say \"Yes,\" then you will not be able to change them again for the remainder of the game."
