0,"   %s, who invited you to play %s, has left ImagiNation."
1,"   Left-click on the OK button to continue."
2,"   Left-click on the STOP GUIDE button to stop the INN Guide."
3,"   This is the Waiting Room for ImagiNation. Here you can find out who is connected to the network, see what they're doing, talk to them, and invite them to play games."
4,"   While here, you may specify the people you want to interact with by \"selecting\" them. This is done by clicking on their names using the left mouse button (or THE mouse button if you have a one-button mouse). When you select someone, their name will change from yellow to red, indicating that they are selected. You can \"deselect\" someone in the same fashion."
5,"   You may talk to a person by selecting them, then typing your message. What you type will be sent only to those people you have selected.\n   When you receive a message, you can respond to it by clicking the reply button. COMPLAIN will post a copy of a message with your comments on the Sysop's BBS. The OK button simply clears the message when you are finished reading."
6,"   To find out what a button on the screen does, simply click on it using the right mouse button. If your mouse only has one button, hold down the Shift key on your keyboard while clicking the button.\n"
7,"   I'm off to play NTN Trivia"
8,"   You can press these arrows to go to other pages of members."
9,"   When there are more members in a place than will fit on one page, you can go to the additional pages of members by pressing on these arrows."
10,"   This shows how many other people are in this Waiting Room."
11,"   This shows the current time according to your computer's clock."
12,"   This will show you status information when you try to invite, watch, go to conference, etc...."
13,"   This lets you know there's mail in your mailbox. Click to go to the Mail Room."
14,"   Select this option to choose the games you want to play."
15,"   Select this option to see yourself."
16,"   Select this option to make a moderator. Hot key is [ALT-M]"
17,"You're already doing something else."
18,"   Use this (or [ALT-R]) to sort the names of the players in the Waiting Room."
19,"   Select this option to change your cursor shape."
20,"   Select this button (or press [ALT-F]) to find someone anywhere on ImagiNation."
21,"   Select this option to change the trivia room info and/or names. Hot key is [ALT-Q]"
22,"You're already doing something else."
23,"   You can select these arrows to go to other pages of members."
24,"   Select the people you wish to invite to a game, then click on this button. If you want to stop the action after clicking on this button, click on CANCEL to stop the action."
25,"%s is just coming into the Waiting Room and cannot be invited to play a game just yet. Try again in a few seconds."
26,"Please wait a second before inviting so your previous invite can be cancelled."
27,"   Select the people at whom you wish to look, then click on this button. If you want to stop the action after clicking on this button, click on CANCEL to stop the action."
28,"   Select the person you wish to watch in a game, then click on this button. If you want to stop the action after clicking on this button, click on CANCEL to stop the action."
29,"   You can select only one person to watch."
30,"   That game is not available in your version of the Clubhouse. You may upgrade by calling 1-800-IMAGIN-1."
31,"   You can't watch NTN Trivia -- it's just something you have to experience firsthand.  To play NTN Trivia, click on the GO TO button, and then click on NTN TRIVIA."
32,"   Select the people to whom you are interested in talking, then click on this button. To cancel a message, press the [Esc] key.\n   A shortcut is to just select the people to whom you want to talk and then just start typing. Clicking on this button is optional."
33,"   Click on this button to select everyone who is not playing a game."
34,"   Click on this button to deselect everyone who is selected."
35,"   Select this button to go places and do things."
36,"   Unfortunately, you have not installed the \"Rediscover America\" software! To order it, visit the Mall or call 1-800-IMAGIN-1."
37,"   You cannot do anything while waiting to join a game. If you wish to decline the invitation, click on the DECLINE button."
38,"   You cannot do anything while you have an outstanding invitation. If you wish to cancel the invitation, click on the CANCEL button."
39,"   You cannot do anything else while waiting to %s. If you wish to cancel this %s, click on the CANCEL button."
40,"   The person who invited you has logged off ImagiNation."
41,"   Someone tried to invite you to play a game, but another person in the invitation left before the invitation was done. "
42,"   Type your response or press [Enter] to give a generic response which says that you respectfully decline the invitation."
43,"   You must enter a name, or click on Cancel to leave."
44,"Sorry, but the conference info and topic is too big.\nThis will not be saved."
45,"Conferences are not supported at this place."
46,"   %s is already the moderator. Do you want to make someone else the moderator?"
47,"   %s has given you the privilege to be a moderator. Do you accept this privilege?"
48,"   Will you allow dice rolls in the conferences that you go into?"
49,"Poof! You're a moderator!"
50,"Sorry, but you have the wrong version for this place."
51,"Sorry, but you do not have access to this land."
52,"Sorry, but that place is not available."
53,"Sorry, but the trivia room names and info is too big.\nThis will not be saved."
54,"Trivia Info: %s"
