0,"   Your %s cannot jump the %s at %s!"
1,"The game loading has been cancelled. The game will continue."
2,"Try #%d...please wait."
3,"Aborting watch attempt."
4,"Error reading %s"
5,"   You may not request to load a game while a game is being loaded. Please wait."
6,"   Please wait until it is either your turn or the game is over to request to load a game."
7,"   You must choose to load a game before you start to make a move. Press \"Cancel\" and then try again."
8,"   You have offered a draw.  You may not load a game at this time."
9,"   You must first accept or reject your opponent's draw offer. Click on ACCEPT if you want to accept your opponent's draw offer, or click on REJECT to continue playing."
10,"   The current game was loaded from a Forsythe Board Position file, and may not be saved as a Coordinate Move List."
11,"%s already exists. Replace it?"
12,"Error writing %s"
13,"   You may not request a draw while a game is being loaded. Please wait."
14,"   Please wait until it is your turn to offer a draw to your opponent."
15,"   You may must choose to offer a draw before you start to make a move."
16,"   You have already offered a draw.  You must make a move for the draw offer to be sent to your opponent."
17,"   You may not resign while a game is being loaded. Please wait."
18,"   Please wait until it is your turn to resign from the game."
19,"   You must choose to resign before starting to make a move."
20,"   You have already offered a draw.  You must make a move for the draw offer to be sent to your opponent."
21,"Error in timeIsUpScript -- non-owner in wrong state"
22,"   You have received a message telling a piece that you don't have to move someplace. You may now be out of synch with your opponent, and may need to leave the game."
23,"Error -- bad load"
24,"Unknown loadFailState -- returning to WAIT FOR PLAY"
25,"Bad value for theWhiteGuy, cancelling game load. Please try again."
26,"   You and your opponent have both requested to load or restore a game. The player playing white will have his request processed. Your request has been cancelled."
27,"Clock parameters missing."
28,"No piece on that square or illegal move! Starting over!"
29,"Click on your OWN pieces!"
30,"   Click on OK if you want to accept the move, or on CANCEL to reject the current move."
31,"   Click on ACCEPT if you want to accept your opponent's draw offer, or click on REJECT to continue playing."
32,"You may not capture your own piece."
33,"   You have moved your king. You may not castle."
34,"   You have moved that rook. You may not castle."
35,"   You may not castle when your king is in check."
36,"   You may not castle when one of the squares over which your king must travel is under attack. Currently, square %s is under attack by the %s at %s.%s"
37,"   If you made that move, your king would be in check by the %s at %s.%s"
38,"   The time on your clock must be between 1 and 150 inclusive. It will be reset to its previous value."
39,"   The time on your opponent's clock must be between 1 and 150 inclusive. It will be reset to its previous value."
40,"   You have started watching this game while a player's clock was expired. The players have decided to continue their game."
41,"no script to handle CONTINUE RESPONSE"
42,"You may not restore a game that was loaded from a Forsythe board position."
43,"   You may not request to restore a game while a game is being loaded. Please wait."
44,"   Please wait until it is either your turn or the game is over to request to restore a game."
45,"   You must choose to restore a game before you start to make a move. Press \"Cancel\" and then try again."
46,"   You have offered a draw.  You may not restore a game at this time."
47,"Error writing temporary file."
48,"Error -- toSqr is zero in SqrToCoordStr proc."
49,"Error loading Forsythe Board Position!"
