0,"   %s has chosen to play Chicago, or four-hand, bridge."
1,"   %s has chosen to play rubber bridge."
2,"   %s has chosen to play no scoring bridge."
3,"   %s has chosen to play Authentic Style Chicago Bridge."
4,"   %s has chosen to play Cavendish Style Chicago Bridge."
5,"   %s has chosen to play Duplicate Style Chicago Bridge."
6,"   Chicago, or four-hand bridge, is a version of rubber bridge where the rubbers all last exactly four hands. These popular variants make it easy to know exactly how long a rubber will take."
7,"   In rubber bridge the first partnership to score two games (100 points made below the line) wins the rubber bonus. Once that bonus is awarded, the pair with the most points wins the rubber."
8,"   No scoring bridge is a friendly game that lets you play cards rapidly without considerations of vulnerability or the delays introduced by scoring messages."
9,"   In Authentic Style Chicago Bridge partscores will accumulate towards games, honors will apply, and a fourth hand partscore will earn a bonus of 100 points. Neither side will be vulnerable on the first hand, dealer's side will be the only one that is vulnerable on the second and third hands, and both sides will be vulnerable on the fourth hand of the rubber."
10,"   In Cavendish Style Chicago Bridge partscores will accumulate towards games, honors will apply, and a fourth hand partscore will earn a bonus of 100 points. Neither side will be vulnerable on the first hand, non-dealer's side will be vulnerable on the second and third hands, and both sides will be vulnerable on the fourth hand of the rubber."
11,"   In Duplicate Style Chicago Bridge dealer's side will be vulnerable on the second and third hands, all partscores earn a 50 point bonus but don't accumulate towards games, and no honors are awarded."
12,"   We will play a %d board match using IMP scoring. %s"
13,"   We will play a %d board match using total point scoring. %s"
14,"   We will play a %d board match using Board-A-Match scoring. %s"
15,"   International Match Point scoring (IMP's) scores hands duplicate style, compares the scores to the other table, and converts the difference to IMP's based on a floating scale."
16,"   You will be playing this match using total point scoring. Hands will be scored duplicate style, your score compared to the other table, and the team with the most points wins."
17,"   You will be playing this match using Board-A-Match (BAM) scoring. Hands will be scored duplicate style and compared to the other table. The team with the highest score will earn one BAM point. If both tables have the same score, each gets 1/2 BAM point. The highest BAM total wins the match."
18,"   Do you want to restore a saved match?"
19,"   You can continue a previously started match, or begin a new one. You can also choose to continue a match that began with different players. If you restore a match, your seat assignments may change and your team's scores will be adjusted to reflect your new positions."
20," In case of crashes, %s suggests saving the match to a file named %s."
21,"   The first %d hands of the match have already been played. %s, the current inviter, is now sitting north at table 1. Before the restore %s was sitting %s at table %d. However, the scores for each team will still be accurate and past declarers will reflect your current directions (N-S or E-W) if not your actual seat assignment."
22,"   The first hand of the match has already been played. %s, the current inviter, is now sitting north at table one. Before the restore %s was sitting %s at table %d. However, the scores for each team will still be accurate and past declarers will reflect your current directions (N-S or E-W) if not your actual seat assignment."
23,"   Please wait while %s chooses the parameters of this match."
24,"   Do you want to save this match to a file named %s?"
25,"   You can use the name %s for this match's save file, or you can select a different name instead."
26,"   Is %s on your team?"
27,"   We need to know if %s is on your team in order to restore the match correctly."
28,"   The first %d hands of the match have already been played. You are now sitting north at table 1. Before the restore you were sitting %s at table %d. However, the scores for each team will still be accurate and past declarers will reflect your current directions (N-S or E-W) if not your actual seat assignment."
29,"   The first hand of the match has already been played. You are now sitting north at table one. Before the restore you were sitting %s at table %d. However, the scores for each team will still be accurate and past declarers will reflect your current directions (N-S or E-W) if not your actual seat assignment."
30,"   Do you want to know the current state of the match?"
31,"   If you want, the players in this restored match can be told the current score of the match. This may be useful in determining a winner, but it may also influence play on the remaining hands of this match."
