0,"   What would you like help on?"
1,"   Using the mouse, click on a card and hold down the button. Drag the card to the middle of the screen. You may also right-click the card for faster play.
   With a keyboard, move the pointer to a card with the arrow (or keypad) keys, press [Enter], press the up arrow, then press [Enter] again."
2,"   Hearts is played by three or four players. At the beginning of a round of play the deck is shuffled and all of the cards are dealt to the players. In a three-player game, the two of diamonds is removed to make an even deck. You will pass three cards as directed to a new player on each hand, followed by a final hand which does not require passing of cards. "
3,"   The player with the two of clubs begins play by leading with that card. Each player must \"follow suit,\" meaning that if a club is put down, each other player must play a club unless they don't have one, in which case they may put down any card they like."
4,"   After each player has played a card, the one who played the highest card following the lead suit wins the trick. The winner leads the next trick.
   Each card that you take with a heart on it counts one point against you. If you take the Queen of Spades, 13 points are counted against you for it."
5,"   If you get all the hearts (13 of them) and the Queen of Spades, everyone else will have 26 points scored against them and you will receive zero. This is called \"Shooting the Moon.\"
   After each hand, the scores are tabulated. Play will continue until a player's score reaches 100 points. The player with the LOWEST score wins."
6,"   If you have chosen to play the \"Omnibus\" variation of Hearts, the player who takes the 10 of diamonds wins 10 points to their favor. Thus, negative scores are possible. While playing Omnibus Hearts, you must also take the 10 of diamonds in order to Shoot the Moon. The score for shooting the moon while playing Omnibus Hearts is the same as Black Lady Hearts."
7,"   To \"Shoot the Moon\" while playing Partnership Hearts the team must get all of the point cards. Points for \"Shooting\" are the same as in Black Lady Hearts."
8,"H E A R T S

Original Game:
Dave Slayback

Partnership/Omnibus:
Warren Schwader

Smart Cards with Claim,
Leave & Rejoin:
Sean D. Wagle

Art by Eric Apel "
9,"   Try #%d. The game that you are trying to watch is not yet at a point where it allows watchers. You may wait if you want or use the OPTIONS button to leave."
10,"%s, you are watching!"
11,"   Aborting watch attempt. You might try again in a few minutes."
12,"   The players are still choosing 3 cards to pass. Please try again in a few minutes, when the tricks are being played."
13,"   Please wait until the other players have passed their cards."
14,"Please wait until the trick is finished."
15,"You can only pass three cards."
16,"You must lead with the Two of Clubs."
17,"   Shows the game score as of the end of the last round."
18,"...waiting for everyone to come into Hearts..."
19,"...please wait while setting up..."
20,"   The score is not available now. Wait until the game has begun."
21,"%s, please choose your partner,
(or you may select \"No Partner\")."
22,"   Would you like to play the \"Omnibus\" variant of Hearts?

   In Omnibus Hearts, the 10 of Diamonds counts 10 points in favor of the player who takes it, and it must be taken too in order to \"Shoot the Moon.\""
23,"   Please wait while %s is choosing the game options..."
24,"   %s has chosen to play Partnership Omnibus Hearts. The player that will be sitting across from you will be your partner."
25,"   %s has chosen to play Partnership Hearts. The player that will be sitting across from you will be your partner."
26,"   %s has chosen to play Black Lady Hearts."
27,"   %s has chosen to play Omnibus Hearts."
28,"   %s has chosen to play Omnibus Hearts."
29,"   In Omnibus Hearts the player who takes the Ten of Diamonds in a trick receives 10 points in their favor. To \"Shoot the Moon\" it is necessary to take the Ten of Diamonds in addition to the rest of the point cards. The score for \"shooting\" is the same as in Black Lady Hearts. For general rules of Hearts, see the HELP option in the OPTIONS panel."
30,"   In Omnibus Hearts the player who takes the Ten of Diamonds in a trick receives 10 points in their favor. To \"Shoot the Moon\" it is necessary to take the Ten of Diamonds in addition to the rest of the point cards. The score for \"Shooting\" is the same as in Black Lady Hearts. To \"Shoot the Moon\" in a partnership game, the team must get all of the point cards. For general rules of Hearts, see the HELP option in the OPTIONS panel."
31,"   To \"Shoot the Moon\" in a partnership game, the team must get all of the point cards. For general rules of Hearts, see the HELP option in the OPTIONS panel."
32,"   Black Lady Hearts is the standard Hearts game as played on INN. Each Heart counts 1 point against you. The Queen of Spades counts 13 points against you. However, if you take all 13 hearts and the Queen of Spades then you have \"Shot the Moon\" and each of your opponents receive 26 points against them and you receive zero. For more rules of Hearts, see the HELP button in the OPTIONS panel."
33,"Partnership Omnibus Hearts"
34,"Partnership Hearts"
35,"Omnibus Hearts"
36,"Black Lady Hearts"
37,"   Please be patient while the other players familiarize themselves with the rules."
38,"   This option will remind you what variation of Hearts is being played. You may get an explanation of the rules for that variant too."
39,"   A variant has not been determined yet for this game."
40,"   Wait a little longer before picking a card-- the other players have not decided if the rest of this hand should be claimed."
41,"   You must either choose a partner or select \"No Partner.\""
42,"Please choose an option."
43,"ERROR: Did not find suit=%d, rank=%d in %s's hand"
44,"   While a hand is still being played, this option will review the last claimed trick."
45,"%s has taken %d points this hand."
46,"   This button will attempt to claim the rest of the tricks, with the other players' consent."
47,"   Don't bother-- \"Smart Cards\" is running, so this hand will end soon."
48,"   When it is your turn to lead the first card of a trick, you may ask to claim the rest of the cards."
49,"   Unfortunately, I can't let you use that button so soon! Just wait a little longer."
50,"   You haven't played any cards yet-- there's no reason the other players would let you claim the rest!"
