0,"   Welcome to the ImagiNation Network, the premier interactive entertainment service! You are just moments away from becoming a member.

   IMPORTANT: You will be asked to provide some basic personal information, including your CREDIT CARD number.

   If you do not have a credit card, you will not be able to register online. Please consult the enclosed material for other payment options and call 1-800-IMAGIN-1 to register. "
1,"BILLING INFORMATION: 

   You are about to register for the full membership in The ImagiNation Network. Rates are outlined on the rate card enclosed with this software, and are subject to change.

   After you register, your initial free hours included in your offer must be used within the next 30 days. All charges you incur beyond your free hours, including future monthly charges, will be billed automatically to your credit card. You may cancel your membership at any time by calling 1-800-IMAGIN-1. "
2,"   You have successfully completed the form. You may press the button marked \"Done\" at any time to send your data to ImagiNation."
3,"   Sorry, unknown problem encountered. We cannot process your membership at this time."
4,"Initializing modem link to ImagiNation."
5,"Can't open data file %s."
6,"   Sorry, but you are a Prodigy member and we have not detected a valid ID for you. Please try again."
7,"   Sorry, the Primary Prodigy member must sign up for The Game Point before access is allowed."
8,"   This is the space in the form where you type the area code of your daytime phone number."
9,"   This is the space in the form where you type the first three numbers (after your area code) of your daytime phone number."
10,"   This is the space in the form where you type the last four numbers of your daytime phone number."
11,"   This is the space in the form where you type the area code of your evening phone number."
12,"   This is the space in the form where you type the first three numbers (after your area code) of your evening phone number."
13,"   This is the space in the form where you type the last four numbers of your evening phone number."
14,"   This is the space in the form where you type your first name."
15,"   This is the space in the form where you type your last name."
16,"   This is the space in the form where you type your middle initial, if you have one."
17,"   This is the space in the form where you type your address."
18,"   This is the space in the form where you type your city name."
19,"   This is the space in the form where you type your state's abbreviation."
20,"   This is the space in the form where you type your zip code."
21,"   This is the space in the form where you type your credit card number."
22,"   This is the space in the form where you type the expiration date of your credit card. The date that you choose must be between 06/30/93 and 12/31/09 (2009)."
23,"   This button gives you another screen to fill out."
24,"   This button returns you to the previous screen."
25,"   This button gives you general help on how to fill out this form."
26,"   This button sends your information off to be processed."
27,"   This button cancels the process of signing up."
28,"   Check this box if you are using an American Express Card."
29,"   Check this box if you are using a Visa Card."
30,"   Check this box if you are using a Master Card."
31,"   Check this box if you are using a Discover Card."
32,"   Check this box if you have a 
5 1/4 inch disk drive."
33,"   Check this box if you have a 
3 1/2 inch disk drive."
34,"   Check this box if you have a 
CD-ROM drive."
35,"   ImagiNation is primarily a night time and weekend service. Weekday rates are billed at 5 to 8 times rates charged for evening and weekend usage.

   Check this box if you want to be able to access ImagiNation during the higher rate daytime weekday hours."
36,"   ImagiNation is primarily a night time and weekend service. Weekday rates are billed at 5 to 8 times rates charged for evening and weekend usage.

   Check this box if you do NOT want to be able to access ImagiNation during the higher rate daytime hours. Your new account will automatically be protected from these more significant charges."
37,"   This is the online signup section of ImagiNation. This lets us know who you are. All you need to do is fill this out like a regular form. If you need any help, simply click on the HELP button. "
