0,"   The player you were watching left before you could get an update of the game. Returning you to the Waiting Room."
1,"   %s left the game, but it can be continued if you all wait and allow that person to return as a watcher.\n\n   Since this happened during a claim, the game will assume that everyone would have agreed to the claim anyway, and skip to the end of the hand."
2,"   %s left the game, but it can be continued if you all wait and allow that person to return as a watcher.\n\n   Since this happened in the midst of the passing-3-cards phase, the game must be reset to just after the deal. You'll still pass cards when the game resumes."
3,"   %s left during the scoring of this round. However, this game can be continued if you all wait and allow that person to return as a watcher."
4,"   %s left the game, but it can be continued if you all wait and allow that person to return as a watcher."
5,"   Error: The player that left this game quit at a particularly sensitive point, causing you to be out-of-synch with the other players. If no-one else has this problem, then you can still rejoin the game and finish it.\n\n   (We're sorry, but this can't be fixed in a 2.x INN version.)"
6,"   Error: The player that left this game quit at a particularly sensitive point, causing you to be out-of-synch with the other players. You can't continue watching under these conditions.\n\n   (We're sorry, but this can't be fixed in a 2.x INN version.) "
7," (Hearts Msg) You had to leave because somebody else came into the game and grabbed the vacant seat before you could take it."
8,"   %s is about to enter this game. Should this member just view your cards like a typical watcher, or replace %s instead?"
9,"   %s, you are taking a vacant seat at this table. You aren't just watching -- you are playing this game!"
10,"   %s left before this game could begin."
11,"   %s left the game. If all the players had INN v2.4 or later, it would be possible to finish when %s comes back. However, this is a mixed-version game. It must break up."
12,"   %s entered again, then left before Hearts could re-adjust! Unfortunately, %s will have to return to the Waiting Room."
13,"   %s just left too. Unfortunately, %s will have to return to the Waiting Room now."
14,"   No moves will be allowed until the missing player's seat is filled."
15,"   The halted state of this game was not the same across the remaining players' machines. This could have happened because there was a lot of chatting when %s left, or because he/she left at an especially difficult time for the game to recover. "
16,"   Because Game Privacy was active before Hearts was interrupted, it is assumed that %s will take the vacant seat. Allowing %s to become a regular watcher would defeat the purpose of Game Privacy. "
17,"   Please wait a few seconds more for the other players to acknowledge your presence."
18,"   The joiner is ready to take the empty seat. However, you do not yet have confirmation with another player that the game is stabilized. "
