THE WORLD OF YSERBIUS & TWINION
From the Yserbius Game Manual

Chapter I: The Shadow of Yserbius

Centuries ago, Twinion was a thriving and prosperous port city,
ruled by the human Galabryan dynasty.  The Galabryan kings
welcomed all races and Guilds to the island, and the people
lived in peace under the benevolent protection of the court.

A great and ancient wizard, Arnakkian Slowfoot, was lured by
the Galabryan kings to the island.  In exchange for his use of
magic to benefit the royal line, Arnakkian was offered a great
castle near the sea.  At first, all was well and Twinion
flourished and gained world renown.

Then the evils began.  Strange, misshapen beasts were spotted
on the island and it became dangerous to wander outside the
city after nightfall.  Arnakkian began recruiting his own
troops from among the distant Snow Elves and soon had an elite
palace guard who frequently clashed with the king's soldiers.
The good king Leowyn Galabryan was assassinated and his weak-
minded son Theowayen became king.  The wizard Arnakkian soon
gained complete control over the profligate Theowayen and
became the real ruler of the island in all but name.

Twinion might have disappeared from the annals of history under
the cruel reign of Theowayen and Arnakkian, but nature
intervened.  No one knows quite what happened that fateful
night, but the legend says that Arnakkian's eldritch magics
caused the volcano eruption that almost engulfed Twinion in
lava.  The wizard's relentless search for immortality, it is
said, led him to test the preternatural powers of the
Elementals.

On the night of the catastrophe, Arnakkian threw a great feast,
inviting all the most important citizens of the island to his
castle.  He enchanted his guests with intriguing games (for the
wizard had a passion for such intellectual challenges) and with
magic feats.  His boast was that he had defeated Time itself
and was about to become immortal.
No one knows quite what happened that night because no guest
returned to report what happened.  It is rumored that Arnakkian
had trapped an Elemental and tried to force it to obey his
will.  Somehow the Elemental broke free and unleashed fountains
of hot magma, burying Arnakkian's palace and in the process
almost destroying the rest of Twinion.

Twinion might have sunk into oblivion had it not been for the
last of the Galabryan kings, Cleowyn the Cruel.  Cleowyn had
visions of restoring the island to its glory and set about
investigating the secrets of the great volcano.  He recruited
the "earth wise" Dwarfs to mine the riches of gold, silver and
jewels in the volcano, and he had them carve out a palace for
himself in the top section of the volcano.  As his personal
riches grew, so too did Cleowyn's paranoia and cruelty.  He
distrusted all peoples and filled his palace with pitfalls and
traps to catch any intruders.  He tortured people relentlessly
as he tried to worm out the last bits of information he could
learn about Arnakkian.

One night, Cleowyn's wail of despair was heard across the
island, and the people rushed to the palace to see what had
happened.  It was empty.  The king, his court, his guards, the
Dwarf miners, and his prisoners were all gone.  Some say
Cleowyn had managed to open a passage to the buried remains of
Arnakkian's castle and had unleashed the dead spirit of the
wizard or perhaps even the Elemental.

Rumors of the vast riches accumulated by Cleowyn and the arcane
magics of Arnakkian lure the natives of Twinion to try their
luck in unraveling the secrets of the volcano.  Few return from
the quest alive.  Most die in the convoluted mazes of the
volcano and some...  Well, the islanders say, some have managed
to survive the rigors of the volcano and are never seen again.
Where these few wind up nobody knows.

Chapter II: The Fates of Twinion

Eventually, Heroes of Yserbius reached the depths of the volcano and 
conquered the evil time Elemental En-Li-Kil.  This ended the vile
writhing volcano's fury, and allowed adventurers ways to new
explorations.

Time passed quickly after En-Li-Kil's demise. Many of Twinion's inhabitants still 
traversed the dungeons of Yserbius, searching for some way off the isolated 
island. One day, in a flash of magic, a sorceress appeared in the midst of the 
townspeople. So was marked the return of Aeowyn, daughter and sole offspring 
of the late King Cleowyn, who had come to reclaim the Galabryan throne. 
 
Long had she been away from Twinion, off on distant mainlands learning arcane 
magics and arts. She had returned only to find her father's tomb, and the 
volcano Yserbius dominating the islanders beliefs and fears. After being told the 
history of Twinion in her absence, the death of her father, the battle of En-Li-Kil 
and Arnakkian, and En-Li-Kil's ultimate destruction, she felt a certain 
responsibility for the inhabitants woes. It was then that she proclaimed herself 
Queen Aeowyn of Twinion, and began using her powers to build her own palace 
alongside her father's in the great volcano. 

During her magical enchantments to carve out this palace, Aeowyn uncovered 
two ancient scrolls signed by Arnakkian Slowfoot on which he recorded his 
experiments and his search for immortality. The scrolls detailed his efforts in 
trapping the Time Elemental, En-Li-Kil, and how he tortured the Elemental into 
revealing secret ways into the lower depths under Twinion. There were mentions 
in the scrolls of how En-Li-Kil was servant for the Dralkarians, five guardians 
who protect a magical gateway -- described as the Portal of Time -- deep under 
Twinion. The last entry on the scrolls revealed Arnakkian's proud claim that he 
had found a way into this area.  Unfortunately, the wizard never enjoyed his 
success, for the Dralkarians freed En-Li-Kil from his bonds to wreak havoc and 
revenge upon his captor and all those who dared seek this mystic Portal. 
 
From these scrolls, Aeowyn learned that Yserbius was merely the pinnacle of a 
great underground maze leading to the gateway which opened a multiverse of 
dimensions. Aeowyn's own searches led her through an elaborate system of 
dungeons and labyrinths that none had known existed. During her explorations 
she encountered an ancient race of elves who dwelled in these dark places of 
the earth. From them, she came to understand the full meaning of Arnakkian's 
scrolls and the immense power she could acquire.  
 
These dark elves, who Aeowyn came to know as the Night Elves, warned her 
that any would-be heroes, even those who had dared to destroy En-Li-Kil, would 
suffer dire consequences if they attempted to face the Dralkarians. The eldest 
leaders of the dark elves told Aeowyn about the many traps and evil monsters 
that had been set up to keep outsiders away from the Portal far below. These 
Night Elves imparted some of their ancient prophecies and beliefs to Aeowyn, 
which she was able to piece together as the method for getting past the 
Dralkarians and reaching the Portal of Time. 
 
To acquire possession of the Portal of Time, Aeowyn designed areas inside 
Yserbius where she could test new adventurers and find the Champions who 
would, unknowingly, help her. Aeowyn sent out a charter requesting any who 
sought adventure to come and face her tests. Those who pass her tests, she 
said, will become her Champions and will be richly rewarded for their services.  

Who knows what reward awaits the Champions if they succeed...

