0,"Got a double queuedGroup"
1,"RedBaronQueue handleMsg - no gameGroup."
2,"   It appears the selected plane values are invalid.   This bug appears only infrequently.  If it continues to be a problem, call the ImagiNation Network."
3,"   Left-click on the OK button to continue."
4,"   Left-click on the STOP GUIDE button to stop the INN Guide."
5,"   This is the Waiting Room for ImagiNation. Here you can find out who is connected to the network, see what they're doing, talk to them, and invite them to play games."
6,"   While here, you may specify the people you want to interact with by \"selecting\" them. This is done by clicking on their names using the left mouse button (or THE mouse button if you have a one-button mouse). When you select someone, their name will change from yellow to red, indicating that they are selected. You can \"deselect\" someone in the same fashion. "
7,"   You may talk to a person by selecting them, then typing your message. What you type will be sent only to those people you have selected.\n   When you receive a message, you can respond to it by clicking the reply button. COMPLAIN will post a copy of a message with your comments on the Sysop's BBS. The OK button simply clears the message when you are finished reading. "
8,"   To find out what a button on the screen does, simply click on it using the right mouse button. If your mouse only has one button, hold down the Shift key on your keyboard while clicking the button.\n"
9,"Got a QUEUE GROUP SID message from %s when I had no gameGroup."
10,"   You can select these arrows to go to other pages of members."
11,"   When there is more than one page of users, arrows will appear here so that you can go to additional pages of users."
12,"   This shows how many other people are in this Waiting Room."
13,"   This shows the current time according to your computer's clock."
14,"   This will show you status information when you try to invite, watch, etc...."
15,"This lets you know there's mail in your mailbox. Click to go to the Mail Room."
16,"Which cursor would you like to change?"
17,"You're already doing something else."
18,"   You can select these arrows to go to other pages of members."
19,"   Do you want to leave the line to play %s?"
20,"%s is just coming into the Waiting Room and cannot be invited to play a game just yet. Try again in a few seconds."
21,"   %s is %s%s, and cannot be invited to play another game."
22,"%s is just coming into the Waiting Room and cannot be invited to play a game just yet. Try again in a few seconds."
23,"   %s is waiting to play %s, and cannot be invited to play another game."
24,"You have selected more players than you can invite to any game."
25,"Please wait a second before trying to play again so your previous invite can be cancelled."
26,"   Select the people at whom you wish to look, then click on this button."
27,"   You can select only one person to watch."
28,"   That game is not available in your version of ImagiNation. You may upgrade by calling 1-800-IMAGIN-1."
29,"   To join Trivia, click on the GO TO button, and then click on NTN TRIVIA"
30,"   Unfortunately, you can't watch %s. Try inviting someone to play it so you can experience the action!"
31,"   You need to select someone to talk to before typing."
32,"   Click on this button to select everyone who is not playing a game."
33,"   Click on this button to deselect everyone who is selected."
34,"   You cannot do anything else while waiting to %s. If you wish to cancel this %s, click on the CANCEL button."
35,"%s is not in %s right now."
36,"   You must enter a name, or click on Cancel to leave."
37,"Sorry, but the trivia room names and info is too big.\nThis will not be saved."
38,"Trivia is not supported at this place."
39,"Sorry, but this trivia room is full right now."
40,"   %s requires between %d and %d players. Counting yourself, there are %d of them."
41,"   %s can only be played with %d players. Counting yourself, there are %d of them."
42,"\"%s\" has an older version of ImagiNation and can't play the %s game you're inviting to. You'll need to ask players that all have version 2.%d, (or higher) in order to play that game. "
43,"Sorry, but you have the wrong version for this place."
44,"Sorry, but you do not have access to this land."
45,"Sorry, but that place is not available."
46,"   Select this option to choose the games you want to play."
47,"   Select this option to see yourself."
48,"   Use this (or [ALT-R]) to sort the names of the players in the Waiting Room."
49,"   Select this option to change your cursor shape."
50,"   Select this button (or press [ALT-F]) to find someone anywhere on ImagiNation."
51,"   Select this option to change the trivia room info and/or names. Hot key is [ALT-Q]"
52,"   When nobody is selected, this button will start a new game.  When one or more people that are not playing a game are selected, this button will allow you to invite them to play a game."
53,"   Select the person you wish to watch in a game, then click on this button."
54,"   Select the people to whom you are interested in talking, then click on this button. To cancel a message, press the [Esc] key.\n   A shortcut is to select the people to whom you want to talk and then just start typing. Clicking on this button is optional."
55,"   Select this button to go places and do things."
