          Shadows of Yserbius - Walkthrough part 6

                      Solution by Sue

Continued from Issue 35

Level 6 - 9 - The Labyrinth I - IV

There is a lot of to-ing and fro-ing between the four levels of
the Labyrinth.  Level 6 is The Labyrinth I (Labyrinth of the
Winds) or Labyrinth Attic. The one on level 7 is Labyrinth II and
so forth going downwards. Many are subdivided into discrete areas.
There are secret doors, teleports and pits, taking you from one to
another. However, there are certain routes through the levels that
you'll get very familiar with by the time you've finished. So
that's the way I'll be laying out this section.

You may find you reach a stalemate at some stage. I did! I found
all my routes blocked by monsters which were too hard for me. I
was then on Level 24. So I spent two evenings building up my
character by repeating one of the fixed fights.  The one I picked
was the one on Level 8 at H13 against minotaurs and
wereminotaurs. They aren't too tough, the XP are good and so is
the treasure.  It happened again at Level 26/27 so again I spent
two evenings bumping off the same monsters. Further on, fights
against gangs of Liches and ghouls in Castlegate are manageable
and lucrative with about 20,000XP each time.  Luverly!!

Labyrinth I is reached from L5 Thieves' Den from both sets of
stairs, arriving at L14. The door nearby at K14 leads to the small
room in the Dungeon Entrance L1 behind the Thieves' Door. Note
that all Quest items relating to the Palace are taken from you as
you go through this room, plus the Thieves' Key. You are welcomed
to the Labyrinth Attic by an NPC at K12 - looks like there are
several levels to go, and some very tough fights. The one at H11
is a lulu with hellhounds, gargoyles and other monsters in a gang!
I managed it at Level 37 by casting Death Darts first to kill the
hell wolves, Control twice, then using Fireball and Death Darts to
finish off the other monsters. The annoying thing was I didn't get
any treasure!

You notice something strange about the wall at L7. This will later
be a teleport to Level 9, Castlegate, once you've used the
teleport to get up to this level from there. It'll be a while
before you can use it though!

There are many pits in this area and various fountains. The
Windybless Fountain heals your wounds at J13 and the Nightwillow
Fountain, reached through a series of one way routes through
vanishing/appearing walls, restores your mana at F13.

One NPC warns you not to jump into those pits which don't have a
floor beneath them; that is the way of the Labyrinth. You could
test this theory by diving into any old pit but it is best to wait
until you have visited the next level down and used True Seeing so
that you can guess which pits up here will land on solid ground.

When you arrive at G8, a voice echoes through the winds, saying
you have travelled far and he laughed when you troubled Cleowyn's

ghost, but now you enter his tunnels. You are told to go back
whence you came; the Winds will keep these places clean.

From here you can go (1) through Sirocco's Door or (2) down the
pit at I11 to Mage's Overlook.

Route 1. Sirocco / Zephyr / Wind Hollow / ZZYZX / Wyn Sanctuary /
Wind Knights' Tomb / Moon Hollow / Exodus / Great Hall and The
Drawbridge and thence to other areas!

You'll encounter the first Wind not far away. Sirocco's door, at
F7 won't open until you kill Sirocco, a lich who resides at E11
with a group of Silver Ogres.  A corridor behind Sirocco's
now-open door leads to the door of Zephyr at D4 which is a
teleport to Level 7 The Labyrinth II arriving at D4. The door at
D7 leads in to an area of pits and lava where Zephyr's Winds gust,
causing you much damage.  Restore health and mana as necessary
after every one or two steps. Zephyr will apologise at C11 but
says he is sworn to serve the Wind Elemental. He asks you to

return the Harvest Horn to his wyverns to release his bonds. From
here you can go two ways - down the pit at H11 or the door at B11.

Jumping into the pit at H11, you will arrive at Wind Hollow H11.
Don't be tempted to go through the door at I12 - it DOES open into
a lava pit.  Depending on your race, you will be able to open one
of the doors along this corridor. My Human character could enter
the room at F13 through the door at G13 and gained increased
initiative in combat.

An NPC will tell you near here that he found an interesting
tapestry near one of the dwarven teleports. It had a picture of a
great moon, just like the one in the sky but different. Make your
way to the door at E13 where, you're told, dry desert winds burn
your throat as you look down the winding passages leading to
ZZYZX. Enter to arrive back up to Level 7 Labyrinth II, E13. You
will take some damage each time this door reopens as the wind hits
you.  A door at J14 leads to Wyn Sanctuary back on Level 6
Labyrinth I.

To enter the lower right corner of the area, you'll need to travel
through Wind Hollow on Level 8 and along a passage on Level 7.
This is called the Wyn Sanctuary. Info will tell you that the
feeble survivors of Arnakkian's Experiment harbored hatred towards
those who found home in Wyn's Sanctuary. An inscription will also
inform you that the labyrinth and lower levels were first explored
by Arnach of the Snow Elves.

So, what is in Wyn's Sanctuary? There is a secret door in the west
wall at H16 behind which you will enter a tough fight with
Commanders of the Wyn Ogres.  After you win, you'll find a note by
the exit, written partly in runes.  Translated it reads, Red,
yellow, green and blue. That is the order of the gems. Signed Last
Wyn Survivor, Kanasgwyn.

At D12 a pit leads you to The Leap on Level 8 where you are warned
you'll meet dragons. Too true! There are major fights in C13, D13
and a biggie at D14. This last one is against 6 Dragons, at least.
But you'll win various goodies including Voranti's Key. The pit at

the end of the corridor takes you down to Wind Hollow on Level 8,
I14.

Make your way around the bottom left corner. On an area surrounded
by lava at C9, you will disturb a band of Sanctuary Guards,
whereas a room at B7 houses a nest of dragons who sneer that the
Sanctuary belongs to them, before they attack.  The next room
houses Wyn's Fountain - it may be old and cracked but its magical
water improves your speed in a fight.

Winds pound furiously at the door at A4 and it can only be
unlocked with the Wind Knight's Key which is gained at O6 on this
level. As you unlock it, the soft winds seem to whisper "Beware,
those who seek the treasure of Wind Knights' Tomb".

Most of the fights in this southwest corner are restricted to dead
ends. At K3 you'll hear the tempest whisper that one's treasure
comes from the direction of the winds and at L5, facing north,
skeletal voices echo "Only forces more powerful than all four
winds can open the door" - but there is no door visible, even
using Detect. Could these messages have something to do with the
four rooms here at B2, B4, B6 and B8, the doors of which each face
one of the cardinal points?

Yes, it does! Each room is related to a wind, depending on which
way you enter the room, and contains a phantasm or two, a lich and
several other monsters.  For instance, from the room at B2,
entered north, the North Wind blows a wintry chill and as well as
the phantasm and lich, you will encounter polar bears. After
winning the battle, you're told the wind has been quieted. Defeat
each wind - the hardest is the one behind the door at G2 with
gargoyles, a lich and phantasm - and go back to L5 and a door will
appear. Voices will say, enter the Tomb of the Wind Knights if you
dare but, if you have any honour, do not disturb our bones.

Inside are many rooms, each containing spit spiders or nightmares
and Wind Knights. These are hard fights but don't give much
treasure. Maybe that's where the 'honour' comes into it? If you
want to come this way again, you have to defeat the winds a second
time - a real pain.  A message at O1 from Morgard, ArchCleric,
shows the knights were part of Arnakkian's army. It says "The last
of Arnakkian's Knights have been buried. At last I can tell my
secret. I waited as Arnakkian challenged the time elemental
En-Li-Kil and lost. His greed for immortality cursed us all." The
final room I entered was M1 and this told me that the Four Winds
gather strength once more and throw bones against the wall - a
very tough fight of Wind Knights and representatives of the four
'Wind' rooms. We'll be back here later.

The room behind P4 contains a teleport, not a tomb. It leads to
Moon Hollow at Labyrinth II, P4. (You can also take a short cut to
Moon Hollow by jumping down the pit at Level 6 I4.) At some
locations (N6, O6, F2), 300 mana will be drained from you by the
Moon Hollow Winds. Don't try to restore mana when standing there,
desperately trying to replace it - it will keep draining!

When you walk south at M4, a wall forms behind, but, to
compensate, the wall at M5 vanishes. Warm updrafts rise from the
pits at L6, L7 and K7.

There is a secret door in the wall at H8 with cyclops and giants
behind. More useful is the fight behind the door at F9; you'll
find a paper on entry which says "Help! My brother Orilon has been
bitten by bears and is transformed, signed Margery" and after a
fight you'll find some good armour (I got a pearly breastplate)
and a Jack of Spades.

Past the dragon and wyverns at E2, you'll find a secret door in
the north wall at E1. You're told you can see the signature of the
spectrum on the wall but Detect doesn't show anything. However, in
a fight at A3 I found an Omniscient Prism and using this at E1
revealed the door. In the room behind it, F1, I found a Moon
Prism, a quest item.

There's another secret door in the wall south of D3 and werebears
behind it - a very hard fight.

More werebears are at J1 and J2, again they are hard to pass,
especially when they keep petrifying you. You can be dead before
you strike a blow.

There's a hidden area in the top left corner accessed through
which I think relates to classes other than Knights since there
are 5 such hidden rooms on this level plus one only Knights can
enter (which I'll note later)

In the top left corner, past yet another gang of werebears at M2
is a pit at O3 which leads to Castlegate Bazaar Level 9 O3. As
soon as you enter, you'll be warned about tough fights by a cleric
who says you must do something about the trolls. A knight hiding
in a barrel at N1 is very pleased to see you too. At D3 you'll
drink from the Elffoot Fountain to gain the Channel skill.

You'll get two very useful bits of info; "past the Castle Gates
and past the Elves you will find a place where the blue light of
the sky meets the underworld below" and at a gypsy stall, "it is
written on the Lava Walls that a hero will one day reach the end
of the rainbow and confront time. Go now, before more trolls
come!"

Ah yes, the Trolls! There are lots of small rooms in this area,
some empty, some containing Blue Troll Knights. One, at B3
contains a fight against Blue Troll Knights and Phantasms, after
which you will gain a piece of blue metal.  This is used in the
Land of the Giants (see later)

To leave this area, go through the north wall at E6.

The pit at I6 drops you to Exodus on Level 8. This was so named by
the survivors of the Cataclysm. Here they escaped the horrors of
Arnakkian's Castle and began their subterranean life.

Exodus is surprisingly restful after the rigours of the earlier
sections. Many random fights but none too hard. You arrive at I6
and a fight against Orange Orc Knights at K6 will net you the Key
to the Back Alley. A ranger at F6 tells you that there is a great
river in the dwarven lands below. It seems to lead to a great
chasm she could not cross, and a mage told her the chasm was
called the Ageless Void. She says to be careful in the great river
as it drains your health for every step you take.

The Infinity Fountain at E7 restore your mana and the Charter
Fountain at K13 restores all your health. Steam vapours arise from
the pits by L9, L10 and K10.  An access shaft at J15 leads to The
Drawbridge L9 and a door at M16 to the Great Hall.

@~More next issue












                              - o -
