         Shadows of Yserbius - Sierra (Part 2)

                 Walkthrough by Sue

@~Continued from last issue

Level 2

1) The Basement

This area is reached by stair from the Hall of Doors - taking you
to the main, central corridor. A fountain at K7 will heal you ...
once.

One NPC tells you there's more to this basement than meets the
eye; he wants to know the secret of what lies behind the thick
walls of this corridor. Another tells of a marble block near here
with the name Arnakkian Slowfoot, wizard to the King. Others tell
of a race of elf-like creatures deep in the dungeon and that you
must work with races you would normally ignore to succeed (I think
this refers to the on-line game). One says to the east of the Rune
Room on Level 3 is the Wizard's Challenge, quite a challenge it is
too, though he found several short cuts to it.

Three doors lead off the south side of the corridor but there
isn't much here apart from a room behind a locked door at D14 (use
a yellow lockpick or better). King Hobgoblins and Hobgoblins at
A14 are tough - use a sovereign scroll.

Yes, there are three secret areas around the corridor. One
southern area can only be dropped into via trapdoors from the
Treasury. A one-way door leads back to the corridor at E4.

A teleport from the Hall of Doors will land you in another at P15.
From here, make your way to P8 where another teleport will take
you across the north end of the corridor to the left side of the
area. There's a complicated series of stairs and one-way walls
starting at I1. These will take you to the Soldiers's Quarters and
back down - twice - to allow you to reach two more areas down this
side.

There are some lucrative fights at N5 and O5 and, finally, a
teleport to The Great Corridor, Level 3, at A1.

2) Palace Corridor

Seemingly not much here. You can only access the three corridors
directly. One NPC tells you the object to open locked doors is on
the first level. This is the Palace Key which we found in The
Vestibule. Another says there are 3 secret areas in this level but
they can't be entered from this corridor. True. The only way in is
from The Rune Room on Level 3, which you won't be able to do for a
while yet. A third says that not all traps are dangerous; she
found a useful key down one.

Some advance warning from another NPC lets you know that the
entrance to King Cleowyn's Apartments are guarded by a dwarf
called Deldwinn on Level 3. You are warned not to try to fight him
as he is enchanted and cannot be killed by mortals. An Orc Knight
also warns that the King's Palace is filled with spirits of the
tormented dead and to look for an asymmetry in the Palace if you
wish to hear the truth about the dead king.

You can reach The Vestibule from doors at the top left (O1, P2)
and stairs down to The Rune Room at O16 and P15. A door at C5 is
locked but translating the runes on the tapestry next to it tells
you that none shall pass save one who holds the key to the Palace.
This allows you to reach the doors at A1 and A2 which lead to
Cleowyn's Palace.

3) Cleowyn's Palace

A tough area with various undead lurching around such as ghosts,
banshees and nightmares. An NPC near the entrance from the Palace
Corridor tells you King Cleowyn appears on his throne on special
occasions and won't leave until all mortals have left the palace.
Another warns that the Pit is pitiless, do not go near it, but
also says that the traps are dangerous but they may aid you. A
third says to obey the King and return his cherished possessions
to be blessed. Keep them and you will die.

There are a few locked doors to open with a blue lockpick and
others to open by brute force. The pit mentioned is at D5 but I
found it no problem; it drops you two floors to the King's
Domicile (unless they mean the one in the Mine?). Pillars and
trapdoors abound. The trapdoors lead to the Prison on Level 3. Get
back by using the Pit to the King's Domicile in the Prison and the
elevator there to come back up (see those sections).

The trapdoors stop you reaching the bottom left corner of the area
- a problem. But a tapestry at K8 tells you that what you see is
not always what is real. You'll discover what this means when you
approach some pillars and find they move away from you. Use this
technique to go through the door at I16 and head along the
corridor round the bottom right corner. Go through the door at the
end (A10) and the pillar at A8 will move away from you - and keeps
doing so. Move along the bottom edge to A5 and then north to B5.
You'll enter a major scrap with King Cleowyn and other ghosts! Use
Control and Poison Cloud and once you win, you'll gain the King's
Ring - very handy.

Return to A5 and the King's spirit will meet you. He tells you the
imps that serve Arnakkian have stolen his crown, robe and sceptre.
Return them to their proper places in the Mausoleum and he will
reward you. He also tells you he was killed by Arnakkian's spirit
and you must find his body and put it in the Mausoleum so he can
rest in peace. He tells you to find and read the tapestry and the
Ring is the seal of his promise.

Whatever you do, don't go back to B5. The King will reappear and
take back his Palace Key before attacking you, necessitating a
trek back to the Vestibule for another one.

Instead, head to the tapestry at H12 which was blank until this
fight. Now it translates to say that imps have hidden the robe,
crown and sceptre. Only a master of the runes may find them.
Two-faced Y is at the centre of the quest.  From Y, open O and E
and I. When a rune key is used correctly, it will disappear. At
this stage, this will mean nothing but just wait a little while
and all will become clear.

There will still be one small corner, bottom left, that you can't
reach due to traps. I assume there is nothing important there.

@~To be continued next issue














                              - o -
