          Shadows of Yserbius - Walkthrough part 6

                      Solution by Sue

@~Continued from Issue 36

1a) Level 9, Labyrinth IV - The Drawbridge

Arriving here at J15 from the shaft in Level 8, you'll find it is
a one way route. Where did those rungs go?! Never mind, there are
plenty of new areas to explore from here.

Moving north to K15 you'll find a one-way door to Castlegate, a
village just outside Arnakkian's Castle. A teleporter near the
entrance, at L16, says that of all the Winds, the Tempest is the
most violent and dangerous. It takes you to Level 8, L16. The
Tempest Winds rip through your armour, causing many wounds down
the corridor here, you'll lose 100HP ever move. There is an object
to protect you later ... A few rooms hold monsters but nothing too
tough. You can teleport back to the Zephyr section at D9, arriving
at Level 7, D9. But at E15 you will meet the Tempest Wind. It
unleashes its full torrent of winds as you approach, then it
reveals its natural form. You will enter a fight with banshees,
were minotaurs and the Tempest Wind. Luckily it can be
controlled! You'll win the Harvest Horn and this will protect you
from the Tempest Wind which caused damage before.

Anyway, back to Castlegate. There are some tough fights here
against werebears, hellhounds, gangs of liches and ghouls etc.
Past a fight at L9, you meet a barbarian at K8 who tells you
'Andreas built a great pit. Two.' Holding up three fingers he
repeats, 'Two, must need two to cross'. At K7 is a room with a
teleporter, built by the survivors of the Arnakkian disaster
thanks to the generosity of the Mage Council, which takes you to
Level 6 by the 'wall that looks strange'. This wall is now the
return teleporter, a very useful shortcut.

At I5, loose rocks tumble, revealing a passage beyond. This takes
you to Level 10, Elf Villages, 011. We'll go there later.

Wandering along one of the passages which takes you round the top
right corner of the map, you'll find the Nightfrost Fountain which
restores your mana at M3 and the Dayfrost Fountain which restores
your health at P5, and will eventually get to M16 where you will
find the entrance to Arnakkian's Arena.  More on that later too.

At D7, you'll learn that it is rumoured that a band of dwarves
once lived behind the doors of Lookout (is that where we are?). A
rune inscription on the wall at C7 reads "We, the Dwarves of
NottiRock, seek brightly coloured metals to forge magnificent
treasures."

Past the lava is a door and you go through to C5 where there is a
hard fight against dragons and Black Knights. Cast Control, then
use Poison Cloud on the Dragons and try to survive.  The next two
locations have similar fights but it is worth continuing because
at B5 you find Lookout Fountain where you gain the stamina skill.

There is a teleport to Heaven's Fury at A7 - enter it if you must;
it's where Voranti cursed the Winds. You'll arrive at Level 8,
A7, and it's a one-way route.  In fact, there are a lot of one-way
routes here. You'll walk along a corridor and a wall will appear
behind you. The Ariel Fountain restores your health at B7 and
there is a secret door to detect at C6, going south. The door to
Voranti's Passage is at C4 but you need his key to enter. You find
this by beating the Dragons of the Leap at Level 7, D14.

Through here you're told that Voranti's Passage is home to
Voranti, the Dark Dwarf Thief. Enter the door at B4 to arrive in
Level 7, B4. Voranti, some more thieves and a Dragon are at C4,
behind a secret door which you find by casting Detect west at C5.
Winning this fight gains you an Ace of Spades. This area is full
of doors, many of which are fake. At B6 a whirlwind takes half
your health - and you'll go through this room a lot! Walk along
the edge corridor to the door at J16 which needs the Key to the
Back Alley. And at L14 is the doorway to the Labyrinth Back
Alley itself, arriving at Level 8, L14.

There are a few one way routes here and from M1 you have to decide
whether to go north or south. Going north, past O3 is Trolls End,
a dead end apart from a teleport back to Mage's Overlook (M14) at
M14. My My Fountain at P3 gives you the Beserker skill while Troll
Fountain makes you stronger at O13. A message at N15 passes on a
gem of knowledge; to cross the void and challenge En-Li-Kil you
must see the rainbow. A note behind a stone at N16 vows death to
those who help the Snow Elves and is signed Nasranti, Mage Dwarf.
A series of bad fights along the corridor starting from O6
culminates in a biggie at O10. This gives good treasure, in my
case Armor of Patience (4000), a Kite Shield (2000) and a War
Hammer of Doom (13000). South from M1, at A3 is StoneGiant
Fountain where you gain the skill of Athletics.

Past a hard fight against Tyrans and Manticores at E5, go north to
enter Heaven's Fury, a cyclone where the forces of Chaos and
Harmony meet. At some locations the fury of Hell's Wind causes
considerable damage. But at others a peaceful breeze cools your
soul. Sometimes these swap - it depends which direction you're
walking! Behind the door at L3, in room L2, you gain the Medic
skill at Morgard's Fountain. This is a cure skill.

Go through the door at L5 to enter a fight against Hell Wolves,
Tyrans and Pincer Cobras.

Again, from the entrance to The Drawbridge, moving down the
corridor to B16, you'll find a very hard fight against Tyrans
(tyrannosaurs to you and me) and Hellwolves. Once past them and
through a door at C12, you'll enter a small room and behind the
east wall (though the picture shows a door) you hear rushing water
and muffled roars ...

There are dragons at E11 and, at E10, you meet a gnome cleric,
the Guardian of the Phoenix. He says the fact that you have passed
his dragon guards is proof of your courage. The way is now clear
for you to meet the Phoenix. It is time for the Phoenix to die and
so be reborn from its own ashes. So, return to the wall and ahead,
bounded by the River of Eternity, is the shadow of the Phoenix
Firebird.  The raging waters of the river look daunting, you're
told. So does the fact that the Phoenix is accompanied by
Gargoyles and Dragons! Pray that Control works! The Phoenix needs
about 5 lots of Blast. Use Poison Cloud on all of them too. When
you walk east after the fight, to C15, you feel a sudden increase
in your dexterity. Don't bother returning to the Gnome Wizard. He
just thanks you for helping his master being reborn and says the
Phoenix may no longer be disturbed.

1b) The Great Hall

This, we are told, was a place where, in the days of Arnakkian
Slowfoot, the citizens of the Kingdom gathered in festive
celebrations. The Great Hall welcomed them with magical games
conjured by Arnakkian (he was clearly more fun in those days!).

Oh look, a chess board! That's what greets you almost as soon as
you enter. You must make your way across using 'knight moves' and
must be carrying the chess piece to do so. Some squares hold
fights against chess pieces. At F3 you win a Queen of Spades
fighting Pincers Cobras and a Chess Queen, and a King of Spades
fighting a Chess King and Were Minotaurs at H4.  To get straight
across the board, go through the doorway at G2, go forward, turn
north, go forward, turn east, go forward, go forward, turn east
and go through the doorway at J10. On the other side are two
doors. And, at H12 you meet a woman's spirit who invites you to
bob for apples and win a prize. But if you do, to I12, you bite
into an apple to find it is rotten and enter a fight against
lampreys and death leeches. A ghost elf bard at I13 sings a tale
of how 4 coloured magical gems placed side by side can form a
rainbow to a faraway land.

Well, the door at E12 leads to another confusing section. Behind
the door at C12 is a platform with a bottomless pit spanned by a
broken bridge. Open each board are the symbols for 10, Jack,
Queen and Ace. A voice proclaims, I call your bluff. Use the King
of Spades. A Royal Flush beats a Joker and a bridge forms a cross
the pit. After you cross, the Poker Bridge collapses.

At E16 a small button shaped like a crescent moon lies just out of
reach and a door north proclaims, I am all hearts! Face the button
and select the Queen of Spades and the voice says, You shot the
moon!  You can now go north through the door. At H14, facing west,
the Jack throws dust in your direction. Facing south, you're
given the message 'The 22nd room of this fine castle ... on the
floor is a five, on two walls are fives and the third wall holds
a jack. A voice laughs, You stand on face up.' Use the Jack, it
scores the hand 22. Cribbage is the game. The door unlocks. But I
still couldn't get through; luckily it doesn't seem to matter.

A King guards the wall at I14. You enter a treasure room without
any treasure. A dwarf thief voice says, the Kings guard their
treasure. Only one can find it. Use the jack to score it as 11
points, scoring blackjack, to be told you unlock the door.
(However, you can go through it before playing the card ...) The
Blackjack fountain at K14 is made of playing cards and makes you
feel healthier and more agile. A voice says the Jack has come
home and thanks you for your help.  The Jack vanishes from your
inventory. If you now return to H14, the door is unlocked. (Maybe
each card unlocks the OTHER door?) There are Wyverns and Dragons
through here. The Cribbage Fountain at F14 restores your Mana and
the Ace is returned home.


Back to the doorway at E12. There are one way routes where a wall
closes behind you. 'Ware doors that lead back onto the chess
board; you will have to trudge across again. Fights are against
gangs of ghosts, not hard at this stage and ghouls which are
slightly tougher.

The door at l12 has a sign beside it, at K12 to say a maze made of
dice lies just to the north. The door says 'Lucky sevens on the
first roll!' when you face it. Inside you'll find a maze of doors.
Some have Lucky Seven messages. Some say 'Snake eyes'. Other
doors have two squares of silk, 'box cars'. In these are useful
messages, some as runes that need translating. Some rooms have
fights. Some doors are one way. Some won't open at all!

The middle of the maze has a short corridor, then you enter
another maze of the same design. There's an exit at M2, going
south (one-way). More messages can be found in 'box car' rooms and
you will eventually leave by a corridor down the left side.


The info is as follows - To reach En-Li-Kil you must defeat his
wind elemental.  Remember to use weapons that do not break when
the wind elemental attacks. - Be careful in the River of Eternity.
It takes a quarter of your full health each step with no
opportunity to heal. A safe fourth square must be found to cross
the Rivers of Eternity. - Use the outer walls to set the location
of another's next step in the Parapet Chasm. Once across,
encounter Andreas to gain access to Arnakkian. - Snow Elves live
below the labyrinth. The Aldbara is a proud tree in their caves.
It bears fruit of knowledge for all adventurers during winter but
it lies dormant now, unable to ripen its fruit without the change
of seasons and the radiance of summer. - Use the autumn seeds to
transform winter into flowering spring. The promise of spring
renewal for another year will be given in return. - The bones of
a past king may be found in the Elven Caves - The trumpet sound
of the Harvest Horn will announce summer's conversion into autumn.
From the conversion you will receive the seeds of autumn - The
Waters of Winter are needed to transform Spring into Summer. In
return for your deeds you will receive the Radiance of Summer -

The promise of Spring Renewal must be sworn to convert Autumn to
Winter. In return you will receive the cold Waters of Winter.

Route 2. Mages Overlook / Castle Wizard Room

There is a pit at I11 which drops you to Level 7 Labyrinth II I11
at the so-called Mages Overlook where, we're told, Mages found the
plateau useful for looking out over the labyrinth denizens
following the great cataclysm. Making your way to K10 will lead
you to a one way tunnel which will take you back to Level 6
Labyrinth I, arriving at K10. But we're going to the door at M16.
This is marked with runes which tell you that runes can be the
most powerful of weapons in the hands of an adept wizard. Here the
runes also protect the great mage's magical possessions against
the unwanted. Going through the door will take you to Level 7
Castle Wizard Room.

A gate leads back to Labyrinth II at M1. This area is a real
swine! There are many walls with runes on them. These translate
to words like Druid, Ethereal and Nexus. Walking into the wall
will teleport you, sometimes to another area with more
rune-covered walls, sometimes to a location in the main area that
you could already get to and which has monsters in it or between
you and the exit!

You will be told that those which haunt the castle must be spelled
to find their master - list the rune words and the initial
letters of some routes spell names of monsters and important
characters. For instance:

1. From N3, go East (through DRUID), N to N7 (RUNES), West to M11
(ALCHEMIST), S to M13 (GHOST), West to M14 (ORB) and South to G16
(NEXUS) to spell DRAGON, taking you to A14.  There are three
moderately tough but lucrative fights in this corner.

2. From K2 go N (through GHOULS), N to K9 (HEX), E and through the
north wall to F15 (OBSESSION), W to I14 (SORCERY), W and N to L14
(TALISMAN) to spell GHOST, taking you to D3. There are four pits
round D3. This leads to a corridor with several rooms off it. The
door at E7 has a bad fight behind it, against banshees and ghouls.

3. From I4 go S (through ETHEREAL), S to D12 (NETHERWORLD), N to
D11 (LUCK), S to D10 (ILLUSION), taking you D13. Go south and west
to B12 (KARMA) which takes you back to E10 and going S to D10 (now
it spells INVULNERABLE) and S through here now takes you to C9,
then N to D9 (LUMINOUS) to J11 spelling EN-LI-KIL. There are two
very hard fights against Basilisks at K11 and J12. In both
locations you are told, those which haunt the castle must be
spelled to find their master. Killing either lot tells you the
gate takes you back to the labyrinth and, indeed, going east from
J12 or north from K11 takes you back to M1.

4. From K5 go south (ALCHEMY), E to H12 (REVERIE), N and E to N11
(NETHERWORLD), S to A1 (ARCANE), N to B3 (KARMA), W to A5
(KARMA), S to A4 (INCANTATION), arriving at D13. Now head to C15
where a new teleport will have appeared while spelling this
(ARCHAIC), taking you to A11, N to B11 and go east (NETHERWORLD)
spelling ARNAKKIAN and arriving at H9 where you'll find two hard
fights at H8 and G9 against Basilisks and King Goblins and a
message that the Gate takes you back to the Labyrinth so, again,
if you go west from H8 or south from G9, you end up back at M1.
You are also told that secrets follow when you spell that which
powers time (referring to spelling En-Li-Kil above).

You'll also learn from a scroll that to gain access to Arnakkian's
chamber, you must defeat his lich apprentices.  The third message
obtained is, beyond the words lie the power of the earth.  The
master of this castle must be identified before the ghost may take
you to him.

One you have done both the Arnakkian and En-Li-Kil routes, going
to the door at I6 you are told that both Arnakkian and En-li-kil
have been identified and the Ghost takes you to the Guardians.
You are transported to L6 Castle Parapets, K6.

@~More next issue



                              - o -
