         Shadows of Yserbius - Sierra (Part 4)

                Walkthrough by Sue

@~Continued from last issue

Level 3

1) The Prison

You will drop into this area many (many!) times from the trapdoors
in Cleowyn's Palace on Level 2. There's nothing for it but to
trudge back up as exits from here are few. Get back by using the
Pit at D5 to the King's Domicile and the elevator there to come
back up (see those sections).

Info is patchy. One Troll Cleric tells you there must be an exit,
stairs or teleport. The 36 cells are empty except for spirits. An
Orc Ranger tells you that some have escaped the dungeon. If you
find the rainbow bridge, you are near the exit.  Another NPC tells
you of the Wizards' Challenge (you'll find this at the Great
Corridor on this level). It was created by two wizards to
challenge the brave. It's on this level but you can't reach it
from the Prison. Know that race and guild must work together if
the challenge is to be overcome. Another adds that a challenge
awaits the brave if you dare continue after finding what the guard
Deldwin desires (referring to the fact that the Challenge is
further down the corridors where you find the King's Pass). He
also says that Chaos should walk with Chaos and Harmony with
Harmony to find the rewards. The only other thing you will learn
is that the Palace was built in the volcano as the King wanted to
learn the secrets of the wizard Arnakkian. Many of the stones that
form the Palace were taken from the wizard's castle which is why
the dungeon is cursed.

So, what is here? Not a lot. Some doors can be opened with a blue
lockpick (see my comments earlier about choice of lockpicks), many
more forced open. There are monsters of all sorts, some easy, some
tough. I had a major battle at I16 but only won a lousy orange
lockpick!  The most useful place to find is a teleport at D11
which leads to the Soldiers' Quarters C13 which leads to the main
area via another teleport. A useful short cut.

2) Rune Room

You will enter this section from either The Great Corridor on the
same level or by stairs from Level 2 Palace Corridor. A long
corridor winds round three sides but you have to explore it in two
sections, and there are six main areas above, all of which have
locked rooms - without keyholes.

An NPC will tell you that there are a lot of secret doors in this
area but he can't work out the correct sequence to open them. He
wishes he had a more complete map of the area. He also says you
won't get anywhere unless you have the King's Ring. Another says
that once you find a key in this area, seek the hidden door and
follow your destiny. The door appears only when you have the right
key. Where it leads he doesn't know.  A third talks about the
Mausoleum. There are many ways through it but few are rewarding.
The most direct ways are the most challenging. You are warned not
to continued unless you have what the King demands. (This, we
know, is his robe, crown and sceptre).  A fourth tells you that
beneath the King's living quarters is the Thieves' Maze.  Only a
thief or one with thieves' skills will pick his way through it.

From our fight with King Cleowyn and the info we got from the
tapestry afterwards, we know we are looking for a two-faced Y.
Check your map. Ah ha! In the middle of the bottom three areas is
an area that looks like a Ys joined together (if you close your
eyes a bit and squint ...). The four doors to this area are sealed
shut with a bas relief of a royal ring. They will only open if you
have the King's Ring.  Once inside, you'll find four switches
which you flick by moving back and forwards or turning. Switches
can be open or closed and there are 16 combinations. Gulp.  Unless
there is an easy way to do this, you have to try out each
combination with all the doors.  A secret door at I11 leads west
and cuts down some walking. Now, I painstakingly wrote down which
combination opened which doors, but when I had to re-enter one
room, the combination didn't work - it must be random.

There are a few important locations to find.  Tapestries at K2
give useful info. You must take the crown, robe and sceptre to the
Mausoleum and use the correct niches to open the true path to the
King's Tomb. The other says to go west, but not farthest west and
give the crown when you can go no more. Go east, but not farthest
east and give the robe when you can go no more. When crown and
robe are given, continue to the door of the tomb and give the
sceptre there to be rewarded.

But what we need right now are three keys. The O Rune Vowel Key is
at O1, the I Rune Vowel Key is at M10 and the E Rune Vowel Key is
at M14. You'll have to open the door in each case using the
switches and fight for them.  When you are carrying one of these
keys, facing south at G8 will make a door appear in the wall.
Through here are three more areas, each with a locked door. Back
to the switches!

Each door leads to a corridor, some stairs and a secret room on
Level 2. Yes, they are the three areas we couldn't enter in The
Palace Corridor. Mystery solved! In each case, entering one
particular room (the door to which is sometimes unlocked using a
Rune Vowel Key - you'll certainly need it at least once in each
section) will get you into a major fight. The key will be taken
from you and you'll win the crown, robe or sceptre. Using the map
refs from the Palace Corridor, you'll get the sceptre at J16, the
crown at N1 and the robe at M5.  Phew!

3) Great Corridor

This can be entered from the Rune Room and has exits along the
outer corridor to the Mausoleum and, past a guard who we were told
about earlier, to Level 4 and The King's Domicile - my favourite
area ... you will find out why later. You need the King's Pass to
get past him and you will find that in the centre area. This can
be reached by teleport from The Basement and has a teleport in it
to another part of the King's Domicile. Otherwise you can enter
from a door along the north wall but you will need to trek round
to it.  Several tapestries give info as do runes by doors.
Basically you need the King's Ring, Lockpick and Key to be able to
travel around freely. Later the King's Domicile Key will open the
door at O8 but we haven't got that yet (well, I didn't!) In the
centre area is the Wizards' Challenge. Unlocking doors and
fighting, make your way around. Certain tapestries will only be
legible if you are of a certain class or race. Fight at E8 for the
King's Pass. Note, you'll need several to complete the game as
Deldwin wants one each time you pass him, but you can't win
another one until you have used the first. There are a few one-way
doors too, just to make life complicated.

I played as a human knight pledged to Harmony (Mr Nice Guy) so
this is what happened to me. At I7 I was told I had mastered the
Challenge and was told to enter the door of Harmony. (Similar
blurb awaits those of Chaos at H7). The door is at I8 (and for
Chaos at H8).  Inside I8 are two rooms, each with a big fight. I
used Control and Poison Cloud with healing when necessary. The
second fight, at I10, is the bigger of the two. Of course, you
have to go back through the first fight again on your way out.
Head to J7 and a door will open in the north wall. Inside is a
MAJOR fight with wyverns and demons. Good luck, you'll need it.
But when you win, you'll get a chess piece inscribed 'Property of
Arnakkian Slowfoot'. Useful or what ...?  Being a coward, I didn't
try the other door marked for Chaos!

4) The Mausoleum

A door leads into here from The Great Corridor and a teleport will
bring you here from The Hall of Doors.

An NPC tells you that if you find Cleowyn's Quarters, you will
find a short cut back to his Palace. But be careful when you use it
that you don't leave his quarters unrewarded. Another says,
Cleowyn's bones are guarded by snow elves. Whether or not it is
worth returning Cleowyn's bones to the Mausoleum is much debated
for the imps will seize them again and return them to the elves.

Another NPC says, the longest routes through the mausoleum are the
least rewarding. Very true. There are four exits from the entrance
room (plus the one back into the Great Corridor) and the routes
that lead from the ones far left and far right merely wander round
the edge of the central area. We learnt from the tapestry in
Cleowyn's palace that we must go west but not furthest west etc
and this means to take the lefthand exit of the two on the north
wall since this isn't the 'furthest west' exit from this room.

We are now ready to complete the King's quest. But there is one
important point; one NPC will tell you, beware when you place the
possessions Cleowyn demands. Use crown before robe before sceptre.
Someone in your group must remain in the Mausoleum until the three
items are placed and the tomb opened or imps will steal the
things. So once you start this quest, DO NOT LEAVE THE MAUSOLEUM,
not even to teleport up and buy supplies. Stock up well on
potions, scrolls and what-have-you first. If you leave before the
quest is completed, you will have to go through the rigmarole of
getting the crown (or whatever) again, plus whatever rune keys you
need ... I did this, and it ain't funny!

So, go through the door at D8 and head to J7. The Crown is taken
from you and you hear a rumbling in the distance.  Back to the
main entrance and, remembering the tapestry again, go 'east but
not furthest east' through the door at D10 and head to H9. The
Robe is taken from you and a door opens to your east. Head through
here and go to M9. The Sceptre is taken from you and a door opens
north, you are invited to enter and take your reward.  Warning,
this is a one-way door so explore to the west first, not that
there is much there ... Okay, though the door at M9, you will get
into a big scrap at N9 and, surviving that, enter the Crypt of
King Cleowyn at O9 where you get a range of goodies (though
frankly I would have thought something more spectacular was called
for after all my hard work - I got a Sword of the Crypt, Mourning
Star, Bow of Sorrow and Galabryan Chainmail). After taking this, a
note here warns that the King's bones have been given to the
dwarves to grind into powder. Cursed be ye who try to return his
bones to the crypt.

@~More next issue




                              - o -
