          Shadows of Yserbius - Walkthrough part 8

                      Solution by Sue

@~Continued from Issue 38

Moving from safe slab to safe slab, make your way across the river
to G13 and cast Detect to find a secret door. A message at K15
says the Tapestry of the Moons requires a spectrum of colour to
open. The Omar Fountain at J16 restores your mana and at J14
Phantasms and Incubi must be fought to gain a green tree-shaped
tree, the Elfin Cave Key. Use this to enter the Cave of
Needlewood.

Head over the river again to find another secret door (cast
Detect) at I10. Runes at H8 tell you it is rumoured that dwarves
can build magnificent creations and vessels out of golden
threads.  Head back to the Dwarf Kingdom and across the River to
F13. The Sunbeam Key unlocks the door and vanishes. I don't think
the door should be visible until you have the key from the message
given - a buglet?  The King of the Dwarves sits on a chair at N3
and tells you of a gem of great value behind the keyhole lava,
guarded by a dragon.  Kill the beast and you can have the gem!
It's over the Keyhole Lava and we'll be off there soon.

At F7 the west wall bursts with colour and a voice says, I demand
from you a token of worth ... something that will decrease the
value of your purse ... simple yet valued as is the lining of
every cloud. The west wall at I7, and the two locations below say,
start with my most southern brother. You must proceed from south
to north to complete this simple phase. So more tasks lie ahead.
This is clearer after visiting E9 where a voice booms that the
westward corridor will tell you of a way to cross this path. Seek
the walls that speak. Heed them well. Do as they ask from south
to north and you shall find the ingress of safety south and east
of where you are. Another message at G4 says the Keyhole Lava lies
at the centre of this Kingdom. Give the greedy walls that which
they request and the way across the lava will be clear. A third
at D2 says The Keyhole Lava lies at the centre of the Kingdom.
Activate the switches to the west one at a time from south to
north.  So go to the first wall at F7 and give a silver bar. It
says, onto the next sacrifice.

Now to the wall at G7 wants a simple blade of steel or iron. A
halfling's sword, small in stature. Buy a short sword at the shop
and give that. The one at H7 wants a young thief's tool. Buy a
green lockpick and give it. The last one, at I7 wants a dead
King's key! So it's back to Level 1, the Mines, to get King
Cleowyn's Key from the Raptors at N6! Note you DON'T need another
Sunbeam key (cheers, Graham!). Give King Cleowyn's Key to the
greedy wall and you're told to go to the lava south and east of
here where the way is now clear. A door to the keyhole lava has
now appeared at D10 and when you walk through there, platforms
have raised over the lava. There are tough fights over here
against either groups of Basilisks or King Goblins and Hobgoblins,
or gangs of cyclops and Manticores. Make your way to P16 - the
Dragon's Lair. He isn't there on his own, however, he has
Manticores, King Goblins and Basilisks with him! But the glow of
the red gem in the room should spur you on. If you're really

unlucky, there may be two dragons there! I succeeded on Level 41
and won, among other things, a Rainbow Red.

A note at N1 tells you that 4 gems and a gold boat will get you to
eternity.  At H1 you meet a blacksmith who wants you to get rid of
the cyclops in her gold caves who thinks he is the King of the
cyclops. Cast Detect east in this room at I2 to find a secret door
and the Cyclops' Mine Key at I6.  Head to the Land of the Giants
and at J8 the key makes the tapestry in this alcove translucent,
opening new passages to the southwest. Go west through the wall.

Go to the one-way door at I5. A teleport in the room at H1 leads
to P3 and one at P1 goes to J1. There is a very hard fight against
Manticores and Dragons at J3 and the King Cyclops (and his gang)
are at K4. When you kill him, you win the Cyclop's head! Return
to the blacksmith and she is very grateful and weaves you a
golden boat from threads, which she says can ride the rainbows.

Again from the tapestry at J8, head down the river to G7 and heal.
Cast Detect to find a hidden door south. The RockyFlat Fountain at
F9 restores your health.  At F10 you fight Phantasms and Incubi
for a stone key, the Dwarf Mine Key. At E7 the Hidden Mine Key
makes the south wall transparent.

Make your way to safety over the river at B9. Your mana is
restored by a whirlpool at B11. A teleport at B8 takes you to D13
where there is a hidden area. Here you get a message from the
Zephyr Wind at E12 that only the FlexSword can bend against the
Wind Elemental's gale. Another at E13 takes you to B2 while the
ones at D16 and E12 take you to B2, and one at F16 to a new area
at A14 where a door at A12 leads to Rivers End.

There is a hard fight at D4 against Dragons, Giants and Tyrans,
and another against a band of assorted adventurers slaying a
dragon at A1. (The dragon attacks you too which I thought was a
bit unfair!)

A dwarf blacksmith, a wizard swordmaker, at E5 will make a weapon
from your finest metals. Take her the flex metal won at L7, C14.

She makes a Flex Sword and dubs it the Wind Sword - may it destroy
your enemies at first blow.

An apprentice miner at A2 gives you the Hidden Mine Key to his
mine hidden beyond the edges of the waters. Monsters have forced
him from there. If you can do him a favour, he will replay you well
some day. Clear River's End to gain 3 platinum bars.

Find a secret door at C5 by casting Detect south and cross the
River of Eternity to the door at C12. There is a gang of
Phantasms at C14! If they petrify you, you are sunk! I found the
best thing was to cast Control several times, then use Death
Darts. The Fountain of Attributes past them at C15 increases your
powers.

River's End

Entry from the Land of the Giants is at P12. Dragons defend their
lair in company with Gargoyles and Spit Spiders at P9. Cross the
River by moving east from M 9 to M13. At P12 the Minotaur Fountain
restores your health and mana (handy!).  Cross again from M13 to
J14 and from J14 to I11. The SageCross Fountain at K9 also
restores your health and mana but the only way out is along the
River. There is a very hard fight against Werebears, Hellhounds
and Were Minotaurs at L10.  Pray they don't control you! Ditto at
M7.

Then go by River from I11 to G11. A fight at F11 is all you find.
Then back along the River to I11, then J14 and thence to G13.
Hop round to G14 where Dragon Breath Fountain increases your
attributes. Runes here say Past the platforms a tapestry you will
find, Illuminate the moons with the spectrum of the Moon Prism,
the rest is smeared with blood.

From F14 enter the river and swim to a teleport platform at I16
which takes you to B15. Here a brilliant tapestry depicting moons
decorates the room. Use the Moon Prism and a door appears where
the tapestry was. Walk through and north to C16, then along the
River to B14, and then to A11 where you find the door to
Voranti's Treasure.

This looks like a long passage but walls form behind you and there
are some complex fights against gangs of baddies. At C7 a gnome
thief tells you that you are very near the final battle with
En-Li-Kil. The four Rainbow Gems will light your way to the
infinite beyond when they are all placed. Red, yellow, green and
blue are the rainbow colours. Have your boat when the gems are set
and sail the rainbow to your destiny.

Once you have cleared this area (I assume the whole of River's
End) return to the dwarf miner who gave you the Hidden Mine Key to
receive the reward of 3 platinum bars - which, unfortunately, I
had to leave behind as I was carrying too much!

But, onwards and upwards! Cross the river from C10 to G10. At G8
is a statue that appears capable of holding a gem. Remembering
the order given earlier (red, yellow, green, blue), use the red
gem. A beam of red arcs over the Ageless Void. Then move one
location north and use the yellow, another north and use the
green, then one north again and use the blue (this is at J8). A
vibrant rainbow of colour forms.  Use the boat. It floats out of
your pack on a swirl of magic dust, intersects the Rainbow and
bursts into blinding light. Once your eyes adjust, you see an
enormous golden boat bedecked with the rarest jewels and finest
carvings. A rainbow voyage across the Ageless Void awaits you to
the west. Move over the platform to I6 and onto the boat. The
Zephyr Wind blows a light breeze from the east and the boat sails
across the rainbow.  The Zephyr tells you that only the FlexSword
can remain in your hands when you encounter the Wind Elemental.
Destroy him and the way to En-Li-Kil's domain will be clear. You
arrive at an island in the centre of the void, on the ...

Level 11: The Island of Eternity (and thence Level 12: The
Unknown)

Carry the Flexsword from now on! You arrive at L12 and fight
Elementals in each of the four small rooms. Start with the fight
at K10 and, after you win, walk through the west wall to another
dimension - Level 12: The Unknown. There are continuous hard
fights here on each square and you'll find some rare treasure but
will probably, like me, be too weighed down with keys and gems to
pick any of it up! Arriving at the end you press a Timeswitch and
can walk through the north wall to return to the Island of
Eternity, H9.

Do the same after the fights at F10 and K7, fighting your way
through and setting a Timeswitch again in each case.

En-Li-Kil and his cronies are at G8 but he vanishes, leaving you
to fight the Elementals, including the Wind Elemental. Luckily
he can be controlled. Once you complete the fight past them at
F7, walk east through the wall to enter the end game.

En-Li-Kil taunts you as you arrive. Don't leave the pathway until
you meet him face to face or you will need to retrace your steps.
This is why you must do this section last. Do it too soon and
there is no escape. But if the three switches are set, you can
cross the water over a platform which will have appeared at E7.
You cross the Waters of Death safely. En-Li-Kil stands guard at
the other side, protecting the Fountain of Life. This was the goal
Arnakkian Slowfoot sought.  At G7 you meet En-Li-Kil himself with
his entourage of Tyrans, King Goblins and Werebears. He tells you
that your arrival frees him from his long imprisonment between two
worlds. You will fail, he says, as Arnakkian did. Then he will
search out and destroy all mortals in your world. Strangely, I
killed him with one blow - mind you, it WAS worth a mighty 10110
damage!

At H7, you reach the Fountain of Life. The Rainbow Gems and Golden
Boat dissolve in the golden water. You have defeated the Time
Elemental En-Li-Ki. You have won the game of life and death. You
are now a HERO OF YSERBIUS. Return to your home safely now. Soon
you will be able to leave the volcano Yserbius and begin a new
life of adventure. Farewell ... this ending is just the beginning.





                              - o -
